.TH "TUNNEL MANAGER" "1" "March 16, 2013" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
tunnelmanager \- SSH Tunnel Manager
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B tunnelmanager
.RI [ options ]
.br 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.B tunnelmanager
command.
.PP 
\fBTunnel Manager\fP is a program that allows users to easily manage a
configurable list of SSH tunnels and their required SSH keys. This program is
fundamentally a wrapper around the \fBssh-add\fR and \fBtunnelrunner\fR
commands.
.SH "OPTIONS"
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`\-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP 
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-P, \-\-properties=FILENAME
The application configuration file to load.
.TP 
.B \-f, \-\-file=FILENAME
Use the specified state file on startup, instead of the one specified
in the properties file.
.TP 
.B \-a, \-\-autostart
Automatically loads the keys and starts the tunnels indicated by the state
file. The option only has en effect if the filename option is also
specified. Only the tunnels that were active when the state file was saved
will be autostarted.
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.B $HOME/.TunnelRunner/default.xml
The default tunnel configuration file.
.TP
.B $HOME/.TunnelRunner/properties.conf
The application configuration file. Two hidden variables for advances users
can be manually reconfigured in the \fB[BASE]\fR section of the properties
file.

\fBipcmdpath\fR sets the full path to the system ip command. Default: /sbin/ip

\fBsshbaseargs\fR sets the base arguments used when executing the ssh command.
Default: ['-N', '-t', '-x', '-o', 'ExitOnForwardFailure=yes']

\fBExamples:\fR
  [BASE]
  ipcmdpath = /usr/sbin/ip
  sshbaseargs = ['-N', '-T', '-x', '-o', 'ExitOnForwardFailure=yes']
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ssh\-add(1),
.BR tunnelrunner(1),
.BR ssh_config(5)
.SH "AUTHOR"
TunnelManager and this documentation were written by Brandon Williams
<opensource@subakutty.net>.
